[Music]
will you go first now you go for all
doing no I'm not gonna do it I don't
like anything squidgy okay well there's
a ball Oh Oh like that
oh do you think it's alive that's my
hand nail move oh that is is what is
that an animal got loads of things
coming off it it feels like a brain
brain a HUD a kidney it's a brain liver
and Arden what is that is it a brain oh
god why is it whose heart is this Oh
totally fake it's ugly don't if it is
squid ah I think it's tried each tribe
has a net tripe it octopus it feels like
the stuff that you might get out of a
liposuction clinic fights if ice this is
a lung it's a lung or that main game
meaning day long so long stick
stressful okay so that as well yes
was it somewhere entirely different oh
well it's a big one but you felt
something else it's like a tongue it
feels like a piece of meat I've got my
finger in something now oh it's gone
right down you sniffed your hand no
don't I don't want to sniff your hand oh
please come off Oh No
we've broken it sorry holy city I can't
stomach any more of this hey do it for
me
no you have to do it no I'm slowly No
pickled onions Oh
Kimball's strawberries I think now
Rollins no velvet one stuffing into her
finger no it's eyes lychees slices are
these leech I feel like I'm having me
prostrate checked Oh whoo that's that's
not good
yeah come look at it I now understand
how Dean gasps me fell
I don't want to put my I got it
you ready for the Sun - Dada come on use
I'm right here oh yeah not you know look
that's me
that's a Honda is that your finger or is
that not us oh hello get your shoulder
down Mike elbow up right I'm hiding
underneath the what's in the box
you